we should go back to our own way beauty
eat your own foods take care of it
yourself you'll live longer and you'll
be happier because it's good for our
health welcome to traditional foods
contemporary chef i'm your host alaskan
chef Rob knie we're visiting the
Southeast region of Alaska today located
specifically in beautiful historic Sitka
on a mission to learn about explore the
natural bounty this region has off be
ready mr.
what we have here is salmon berries and
you can see their blossoming and the
blossoms are good to eat too it's the
young tender ones like that that we want
just like the skunk cabbage okay
generally the new things that spring up
for better tasting and it's also very
naturally sweet just like the blossoms
and this is yarrow okay wild tea and it
has a very distinctive smell
later in the year grows a lot taller but
I think the guy in this time of the year
smells and tastes the best it'd be
really nice kind of refreshing and minty
almost in this webisode we're going to
be making a fresh roll with herring eggs
and sea asparagus that's going to be
complemented with a luggage dipping
sauce first step is a dipping sauce so
let's get started
we're going to be starting with some soy
sauce a little bit of brown sugar lemon
juice got about two ounces of rice wine
vinegar so this is yarrow which we find
in the springtime we've also got luggage
which is a nice Hardy green very similar
to cilantro found this again right on
the beach give this a quick stir onto
the fresh roll for the fresh roll we've
got here is some beautiful salmon very
shoots we've got some sea asparagus now
this is usually procured in the fall
we've got some herring eggs here shaved
carrot shaved celery some rice noodles a
little bit of romaine to kind of add
some texture and crunch
so we're doing is we're starting at the
rice paper making sure it's a good
working order no big tears rip started
gashes so we got a little tear here on
the corner but we're doing okay we've
got our water you want to be able to get
your hands in there a little bit
so when you have some give you're about
ready gets a little little bound up like
that just kind of run it through the
water and I'll smooth right out of here
we're going to start with two or three
of these wonderful little shoots nice
little again color contrast nice texture
got a lot of natural vitamin C right
here in these little little blossoms
touch a sea asparagus the herring eggs
touch a carrot celery rice noodles and
it's easy to put too much on there and
over bundle these so you really want to
make sure a little goes a long way a lot
of times people will chop the romaine
very fine I'm just going to put it on
like this this is a great family
interaction mom and dad get everything
together how the kids get together and
put these together you know you're not
going out to find restaurants so they
don't have to be perfect but they
definitely hold real well and put those
nice colors right here and there you
have Alaskan fresh rolls we've got
herring eggs sea asparagus salmonberry
shoots and that's complemented with the
luggage dipping sauce
you